Automatic table from CRD generation (#17038)
kyma-project/kyma: hack/table-gen/README.md

> # The tool to generate documentation table out of CRDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Generate documentation tables automatically from CRDs
```

## Overview

> This package contains a tool used by kyma developers which purpose is to automatically generate documentation table which documents CRD, and write it to specified MD files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package contains a tool that automatically generates a documentation table documenting a CRD, and writes it to specified `.md` files. 
```

## Functionality

This particular tool allows us to:

> - Skip some specific element during the table generation by using the tag SKIP-ELEMENT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Skip some specific element during the table generation with the tag `SKIP-ELEMENT`.
```

> - Skip specified elements with all its children by using the tag SKIP-WITH-CHILDREN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Skip specified elements with all their children with the tag `SKIP-WITH-CHILDREN`.
```

## Parameters

> There are two parameters one should specify in order to use the tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must specify the following parameters:
```

> - `crd-filename` - full or relative path to the .yaml file containing crd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `crd-filename` - full or relative path to the `.yaml` file containing the CRD
```

> - `md-filename` - full or relative path to the .md file containing the file where we should insert table rows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `md-filename` - full or relative path to the `.md` file in which to insert the table rows
```

> ## How to use?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up the table generator
```

Most importantly, you need to go to the MD file you want to generate table in, and put down tags TABLE-START and TABLE-END on a place where you want to insert a table. 

> ```

Reviewer: adding three blank spaces for proper indentation in the numbered list

```suggestion
   ```
```

> <!-- TABLE-START -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <!-- TABLE-START -->
```

> <!-- TABLE-END -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <!-- TABLE-END -->
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```
```

Now, if you want to skip some elements, you can use `SKIP-ELEMENT` or `SKIP-WITH-CHILDREN` tags, brefore start and end tags

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```
```

<!-- SKIP-ELEMENT status.conditions -->
<!-- SKIP-WITH-CHILDREN spec.output -->

<!-- TABLE-START -->

<!-- TABLE-END -->
```

> ### Call the tool using command line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Call the table generator

You can call the table generator either from the command line, or with the makefile:
```

> You can call this tool from command line. In order to do so, you should either build it and start it, or use `go run`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to call the table generator from the command line, you can either build it and start it, or use `go run`. See the following example:
```

> Here is an example on how to call the tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `go run table-gen.go --crd-filename ../../installation/resources/crds/telemetry/logpipelines.crd.yaml --md-filename ../../docs/05-technical-reference/00-custom-resources/telemetry-01-logpipeline.md`

Reviewer: adding 2 blank spaces for indentation in the bullet list

```suggestion
  `go run table-gen.go --crd-filename ../../installation/resources/crds/telemetry/logpipelines.crd.yaml --md-filename ../../docs/05-technical-reference/00-custom-resources/telemetry-01-logpipeline.md`
```

> ### Call the tool using makefile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you update a CRD that is already present in the makefile, you can just call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you update a CRD that is already present in the makefile, you can just call `make generate`.
```

> `make generate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> In case you need want to run the comparison only for a particular operator, or for specific crd, you should specify the label you need while calling `make`, like `make telemetry-docs`.

Reviewer: Adding 2 blank spaces to indent this below the 2nd bullet point of the list

```suggestion
  If you want to compare only a particular operator or a specific CRD, specify the label you need while calling `make`; for example, `make telemetry-docs`.
```

> In order to update makefile, just inroduce new label for your crd, and then add it to the `generate`. Or, if you want to group your `go run` commands, you can create different labels, group them uder the one, and include it to the `generate`, the same way we do with `make telemetry-docs`

Reviewer: Adding 2 blank spaces to indent this below the 2nd bullet point of the list

```suggestion
  To update the makefile, just introduce a new label for your CRD, and then add it to the `generate`.
  Alternatively, if you want to group your `go run` commands, you can create different labels, group them under the one, and include it to the `generate`, the same way as with `make telemetry-docs`.
```
